recomend.md, before:


# README

Links to great books, columns and github pages.

-----

#### Cheat sheets

<https://www.rstudio.com/resources/cheatsheets/>

-----

#### Rafael Irizarry

  - book
      - **Data Analysis and Prediction Algorithms with R** :
        <https://rafalab.github.io/dsbook/index.html>
  - column
      - <https://simplystatistics.org/2019/08/28/you-can-replicate-almost-any-plot-with-ggplot2/>
      - <https://simplystatistics.org/2019/08/28/you-can-replicate-almost-any-plot-with-ggplot2/>

-----

#### Hadley Wickham

  - book
      - **R for Data Science** : <https://r4ds.had.co.nz>
      - **Advanced R** : <https://adv-r.hadley.nz>
      - **R packages** : <http://r-pkgs.had.co.nz>

-----

#### Allison Horst

  - github
      - <https://github.com/allisonhorst/stats-illustrations>

-----

#### Winston Chang

  - book
      - **R Graphics Cookbook** : <http://www.cookbook-r.com>

-----

#### Julia Silge

  - book
      - **Text Mining with R** : <https://www.tidytextmining.com>

-----

#### Jared Lander

  - column
      - <https://www.jaredlander.com>

-----

#### Claus Wilke

  - book
      - **Fundamentals of Data Visualization** :
        <https://serialmentor.com/dataviz/>

-----

#### Others

  - UpsetR
      - <https://www.cultureofinsight.com/blog/2018/01/25/2018-01-25-visualising-twitter-follower-overlap/>
  - ggplot tutorial
      - <https://ggplot2tutor.com/powerlifting/squats/>
  - single cell analysis
      - <https://osca.bioconductor.org>
  - useful package
      - <https://www.rdocumentation.org/packages/useful/versions/1.2.6>
  - clustering R
      - <https://blog.dominodatalab.com/clustering-in-r/>

-----

Commit message:

Add files via upload
191224
add hands on machine learning with R

recomend.md, after:


# README

Links to great books, columns and github pages.

-----

#### Cheat sheets

<https://www.rstudio.com/resources/cheatsheets/>

-----

#### Rafael Irizarry

  - book
      - **Data Analysis and Prediction Algorithms with R** :
        <https://rafalab.github.io/dsbook/index.html>
  - column
      - <https://simplystatistics.org/2019/08/28/you-can-replicate-almost-any-plot-with-ggplot2/>
      - <https://simplystatistics.org/2019/08/28/you-can-replicate-almost-any-plot-with-ggplot2/>

-----

#### Hadley Wickham

  - book
      - **R for Data Science** : <https://r4ds.had.co.nz>
      - **Advanced R** : <https://adv-r.hadley.nz>
      - **R packages** : <http://r-pkgs.had.co.nz>

-----

#### Allison Horst

  - github
      - <https://github.com/allisonhorst/stats-illustrations>

-----

#### Winston Chang

  - book
      - **R Graphics Cookbook** : <http://www.cookbook-r.com>

-----

#### Julia Silge

  - book
      - **Text Mining with R** : <https://www.tidytextmining.com>

-----

#### Jared Lander

  - column
      - <https://www.jaredlander.com>

-----

#### Claus Wilke

  - book
      - **Fundamentals of Data Visualization** :
        <https://serialmentor.com/dataviz/>

-----

#### Bradly Boehmke & Brandon Greenwell

  - book
      - **Hands-On Machine Learning with R** :
        <https://bradleyboehmke.github.io/HOML/>

-----

#### Others

  - UpsetR
      - <https://www.cultureofinsight.com/blog/2018/01/25/2018-01-25-visualising-twitter-follower-overlap/>
  - ggplot tutorial
      - <https://ggplot2tutor.com/powerlifting/squats/>
  - single cell analysis
      - <https://osca.bioconductor.org>
  - useful package
      - <https://www.rdocumentation.org/packages/useful/versions/1.2.6>
  - clustering R
      - <https://blog.dominodatalab.com/clustering-in-r/>

-----
